# Dark-Traffic-Classifier
***
The main objective of this project is to build an effective __"deep neural network"__ that is capable of __classifying "dark social"__ web-traffic. First coined in 2012 by __Alexis Madrigal__, a journalist from __"The Atlantic,"__ the term is mostly used by marketers and business professionals to describe __website referral that is barely trackable__. The significant value of this issue is emphasized by one [study](https://radiumone.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/radiumone-the-dark-side-of-mobile-sharing-June-7-2016.pdf), which says that approximately __84% of website traffic in the world come through "dark social"__. On this, one of the most common form of dark social is __shared URL that is spreaded through email and instant messaging__. The afore-mentioned activity will be counted as "direct traffic" in most analytics programs nowadays, which provides deluted information and data for web-analyst.

The following machine learning algorithm, utilizes the means of __"natural language processing"__ and further feed the processed data into a "deep neural network" in  order to teach a machine on how to identify "dark social" traffic by __analyzing URL composition__ that has been given to it. Due to the limitation of data available, the following algorithm is specifically designed to catch the most obvious "dark social" based on its URL formation, and leave out the ambigious URL as "direct traffic". Furthermore, from the result of its collection of data, this algorithm will be __mostly effective to be applied for e-commerce website__. 
